The father-in-law suddenly fell seriously ill last night
Unconscious today
I coughed up blood 4 times in a row
Miyagi Taiye is helpless
I know you will be medical first
Come with me quickly
Go to the house and see the situation.
OK
Hey
What's the matter, you go?
Father's order can be delayed
And along the way, I was thinking.
Father's body has just entered
And the prospect will be happy to diagnose him.
Why was it suddenly exposed?
What do you mean?
Could it be that
Mrs. Wang
Prince Li, Master Ma, you are finally here
The imperial physicians have just rectified His Majesty's pulse
You are trash
The imperial physicians are consulting
To discuss His Majesty's treatment plan
Black Clothes So Far
It has not yet been found out what disease His Majesty has committed
I heard that the concubine's medical skills are peculiar
Thank you again
His Majesty Eunuch Hu, the Premier, started sending it away in time